Issues to be resolved + investigated: 

1. rmse index is always 0, due to the fact that the coefficients seem to always be the same across all the thresholds (SOLVED)
Idea: Is this caused by the fact that because I use ensemble, the last model is saved instead of the median? 
Maybe I need to manually use the RMSE graph and check whether 0 really is the best to see what the issue is? 

2. How do I use the median ensemble coefficients instead of the last fitted model? (SOLVED)
   My calculations seem to be getting worse if I use this compared to before
# TODO: how do i use the ensemble coefficients instead of the last model coefficients and pass it to my predict model 
Have added the calculation of the median coefficient and ensured the optimizer is reinitialised with it 

3. Warning 
lsoda--  warning..internal t (=r1) and h (=r2) are
       such that in the machine, t + h = t on the next step 
I get this warning when the hyperparameter is too low, so how do i generalize my code to choose this hyperparameter? 
Currently I manually adjust the hyperparameter when i see the warning pop up 


TODO

1. Figure out why code cannot handle noise 
Fixed issue where cannot handle noise, as it is due to hyperparameter being too low + my start point for simulate function was incorrect 
But as shown above, error occurs sometimes 
Potential short term fix: if there is a warning, skip the predict and move on? 

Have implemented weak SINDy instead of just ensemble SINDy

2. Code prediction seems to be off, although it makes sense
I have implemented a moving average filter, and the predictions on gazebo data seems to make sense to me. It does seem to follow from the window
Although definitely need elastic window to improve accuracy as the prediction around when it changes direction is off but makes sense 

Thing to try to resolve issues: 
- add a noise filter for the noisy data to make it cleaner, so to pre process it (Kalman filter? Gaussian filter?) 
- Change the way the derivative is implemented
- "how to take a derivative on noisy signals" (shift the data like there is a delay operator in between and give the model to take this as a derivative)

Features that I need to implement: 
- Take in adaptive window of data based on how accurate prediction is (concept drift, needs to be multivariate as i have xyz) - how about i use the accuracy of the prediction as a way to detect? 
if accuracy goes below certain threshold, then i can get it to cut the window in half

- Prediction is shown a a range in a cone (DONE, but not a cone just a series of lines)

After implementing features:
- test on real data, start to quantify accuracy 

Things to do: 
- Look at other research or code that predict trajectory as a comparison 
- look/create simple csv file where object change direction (can use the takeoff_circle file as that has one obvious change in direction) 
